Update terminology for lookup index -> token lookup index (#1120)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/indexes-for-search-performance/index.asciidoc

FOR (n)
ON EACH labels(n)
----
| Create a node label lookup index.

Token lookup indexes do not support any `OPTIONS` values.

| [source, cypher, role=noplay]
----
CREATE LOOKUP INDEX [index_name] [IF NOT EXISTS]
FOR ()-[r]-()
ON [EACH] type(r)
----
| Create a relationship type lookup index.

Token lookup indexes do not support any `OPTIONS` values.

| [source, cypher, role=noplay]
----
DROP INDEX index_name [IF EXISTS]
----

> | Drop an index, either a btree, fulltext, or token lookup index.

Reviewer: I see a little inconsistency if we are using btree or b-tree here. In operations manual we use b-tree in text unless we are specifically referring to syntax or name in code such as `SHOW INDEXES#BTREE`, `org.neo4j.graphdb.schema.IndexType#BTREE`, `native-btree-1.0`
https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/performance/index-configuration/

Author: that should probably be unified yes, I think we have a mix here

Author: I think that the old code hopefully is consistent so for now I just updated the new places :)

> | Drop an index, either a btree, fulltext, or token lookup index.

Author: ```suggestion
| Drop an index, either a b-tree, fulltext, or token lookup index.
```

    [WHERE expression]
    [RETURN field[, ...] [ORDER BY field[, ...]] [SKIP n] [LIMIT n]]
----

> | List indexes in the database, either all or filtered on B-tree, fulltext, or token lookup indexes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| List indexes in the database, either all or filtered on b-tree, fulltext, or token lookup indexes.
```
